Add docs for `rw g script` and `rw exec` to cliCommands (#725)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/cliCommands.md

| `sdl <model>`        | Destroy a GraphQL schema and service component based on a given DB schema Model |
| `service <name>`     | Destroy a service component                                                     |

## exec

> Execute scripts generated by the `redwood generate scripts` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute scripts generated by the `generate script <name>` command
```

You can pass any flags to the command, and use it within your script.

**Usage**
```

> ❯ yarn rw exec syncStripeProducts --firstParam 'hello' --two 'world'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❯ yarn redwood exec syncStripeProducts --firstParam 'hello' --two 'world'
```

| `scaffold <model>`     | Generate Pages, SDL, and Services files based on a given DB schema Model. Also accepts `<path/model>` |
| `sdl <model>`          | Generate a GraphQL schema and service object                                                          |
| `service <name>`       | Generate a service component                                                                          |
| `types`                | Generate types and supplementary code                                                                 |

> | `script`               | Generate a script, that can use your services/libs to execute with rw exec                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `script <name>`               | Generate a script that can use your services/libs to execute with 'redwood exec <script>'                            |
```

... and done.
```

### generate script
Generates an arbitary Node.js script in `./scripts/<name>` that can be used with `redwood execute` command later.

| Arguments & Options  | Description                                                                          |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `name`               | Name of the service                                                                  |
| `--typescript, --ts` | Generate TypeScript files Enabled by default if we detect your project is TypeScript |

> Scripts have access to your services, and libraries used in your project. Some examples of how this can be useful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts have access to services and libraries used in your project. Some examples of how this can be useful:
```
